beautifully landscaped Jamaica popular
tropical tourist destination for
travelers all across the globe what if I
told you that you make a can field an
ice hockey team to compete in the Winter
Olympic ice hockey team in Jamaica no
way an ice hockey team ice hockey team
on ice hi I'm EJ Phillips founder and
CEO that you make an Olympic ice hockey
federation now I know what you may be
thinking we think of Jamaica we think of
pristine beaches resorts and Bob Marley
but we can now add ice hockey to that
list Usain Bolt on skates I would love
to see that I think that could work well
bet I'd like to see how do I get tickets
can't wait to see that the International
Ice Hockey Federation voted the island
country in as an associate member so I
wanted to make it with some of my
colleagues and the enthusiasm with a
parent we were well received turns out
that the ice hockey players were
inspired by their fellow countrymen the
Olympic bobsledders who supported them
through the process of getting the team
together I'm Devin Harris original
member of the Jamaican bobsled team and
yes a member of the Jamaican Ice Hockey
Federation man I can't tell you how
excited I am to be part of this amazing
project and what I believe it means to
the Olympics to the sport of ice hockey
itself to Jamaica even the rest of the
world and I can't wait for you to join
us the supporters in this amazing
endeavor as we march on together to make
history but to make a bobsled team in
1988 was really something special
attention so first bobsledding and now i
talking about let's do or not do make it
is a olympic headline factories where
exactly are these jamaican ice hockey
players there are jamaican players in
the NHL right now
PK Subin montreal canadiens jamaican
Wayne Simmonds filled up your flyers
Jamaican
Chris Dewar seen with blue to make it
without shot ten five now they hit enter
the zone law distorted
trevor daily gala starts jamaican this
is one of 14 in their last five games
that's just a few names off the top of
my head but no team is complete without
coaching with guys like Paul Gerard and
intro coaching veteran formerly with the
Dallas Stars and Colorado Avalanche then
we have Graham Townsend of Townsend
hockey with camps and clinics throughout
the Northeast and lastly we have cosmic
lark CHL veteran and host of training
camps in the Dallas metro area hockey as
we now know it
the slapshot athletic goaltending and
skating was introduced not by the white
men who generally get the credit but
years earlier in nova scotia by the sons
and grandsons of slaves
eventually these former slaves would
help create the colored Hockey League if
you look at the history of CHL you see
that the real legacy of the CHL is that
these this is the Underground Railroad
legacy and that is the legacy of that
gala slaughter hockey ice hockey is not
new to Jamaicans and with a rich
heritage of competition a track record
of success and a proven desire to blazed
a trail for the world to follow we at
the Jamaican Olympic ice hockey
federation are committed to putting a
team on ice at the Winter Olympic Games
partner with us join us contact us today
for more information about how you can
help make history